dlna_dmr: Document ability to browse and play media (#21619)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/dlna_dmr.markdown

* `media_player.shuffle_set`
* `media_player.repeat_set`
* `media_player.select_sound_mode`

## Playing media

> Most DLNA DMR devices can play media from local HTTP servers. For best results, use HTTP instead of HTTPS, and refer to the server using an IP address instead of a host name, e.g. `http://192.168.1.1:8123/song.mp3`.

Reviewer: Perhaps the port `8123` shouldn't be used. This seems to imply that hass can serve media files. Either don't specify a port or use a more generic port such as 8080?

Author: It can to an extent ... but not this easily. Fixed.

> Most DLNA DMR devices can play media from local HTTP servers. For best results, use HTTP instead of HTTPS, and refer to the server using an IP address instead of a host name, e.g. `http://192.168.1.1:8080/song.mp3`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most DLNA DMR devices can play media from local HTTP servers. For best results, use HTTP instead of HTTPS, and refer to the server using an IP address instead of a hostname, e.g. `http://192.168.1.1:8080/song.mp3`.
```

### Media sources

> The `dlna_dmr` platform can browse any configured [media_source](/integrations/media_source/). Displayed media will be filtered based on the capabilities of the DLNA DMR device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The DLNA Digital Media Renderer integration can browse any configured [Media Source](/integrations/media_source/). Displayed media will be filtered based on the capabilities of the DLNA DMR device.
```
